[Converted from Google Doc 'Gemini batch' (id 1vObA7gsIEepn2_RrspbotidX7N346jx8D9wQqkw3zdw); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]
Conversation created: 2025-07-08 07:34:06 - Title: Missed connections and CBD
Conversation updated: 2025-07-08 11:40:25 - Title: Missed connections and CBD
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Second one definitely looks more like my facial expressions when I talk
Dan Fran...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	First voice sounds like my sons would be named Braxton and Braydon 
	I miss yo...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Possibly 
Dan Frank:
	they have that weird fucking thing too
Annie Ulmer:
	True 
Dan Frank:...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	True true 
	😒
Dan Frank:
	but whatever
	i try to do stuff different. you don’t wanna let me
	s...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	I’m aware 
	Turd 
Dan Frank:
	i’m gonna throw some shoes 
	annie what don’t you und...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	I know Dan and I miss it too
	just tell me before you leave 
	Please 
	And drive s...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	So wait are you coming now 
	?
Dan Frank:
	sorry that was confusing
	i just told her what i’m...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Thank you 
	Love you 
	I got your coffee 
Dan Frank:
	milo on her lap i’m leaving him
Anni...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Besties 
Dan Frank:
	okay i’ll be there 11:18 seeyabye
Annie Ulmer:
	I’m ready see ya bye...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Good thank you 
Dan Frank:
	she has milo watching bird videos
Annie Ulmer:
	Oh my gosh 
	Does he...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Send video
Dan Frank:
	live together.
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	His face lololol
	His eyes 
	He’s like 
	Dad 
	Help 
Dan Frank:
	we are the same 
	our lives...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	I apologize Milo 
Dan Frank:
	yeah well he didn’t even say that was the most serious one
	just the ...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Yes king baby 
Dan Frank:
	i love you
	i’ll let you go
Annie Ulmer:
	The eggster is sleepy 
	She g...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	The Eggie bagel will be over after she rinses off her tanner in the morning 
Dan Frank:
	g...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	I’ll call you 
	Thank you again for bringing me that 
	That was very kind of you and very much...
Message Date: Yesterday - Snippet: Annie Ulmer:
	Give Milo kiss for me 
	I love you turd brain goodnighty 
Dan Frank:
	decide if you’re actually...
Event: Relationship start - Date: November 28, 2015
Event: Eli incident - Context: Annie was found in her building’s lobby accompanied by a male coworker
She was so highly intox...
Event: Move to PA - Date: February 2025
Event: Major fight - Date: October 19
Event: Annie-Alexis hookup - Date: November 8, 2018
Event: Dan told Annie about non-monogamy - Date: April 16, 2018
Event: Halloween photo of mom and Annie's dad - Date: Halloween 1978
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Like I tell you and then you find a reason to be mad. I don't tell you you obviously are mad.
...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am not going to argue over this.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm tired. I have a headache
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Do you not understand why i am like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I GET IT.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am telling you literally where the apartment is
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Like what do you want
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I want to have not been given reasons to think I have to always worry about you lying to...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But since that's not possible, I would like to know when you're going to be home
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am going with Andrea after she clocks out at 10:00. We are meeting Amber there.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Maybe an hour or so i dont know. Depends on if i feel uncomfortable and want to go home. ...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Can I get in the bathroom please and will you make a fucking line for us
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I know I'm not doing the best job explaining it right now
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I left the bag of what's left on the dresser do it all idc.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: First of all im not going to that concert now
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Why
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Annie i don't know how this isn't clear yet
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Never mind I literally give up
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Your comments earlier tonight
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: The fact that you don't understand why you going out after work like this is
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm literally doing the exact fucking opposite?!
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am not sure how you think I am supposed to feel here
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's literally insane this is what happens when i ask to hang out with girlfriends from wor...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I have zero social life
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: YOU KEEP SAYING THAT
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Alright
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you don't want to hear this but holy shit you have lied to me in ways that have absolu...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I don't
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I DID NOT WANT
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I've been really nice
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Through this but
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm like super thrown off by this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And particularly because i had asked you to not get us in a situation that could devolve ...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And if I'm being honest I do not have the capacity to go back out there and be normal right...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So I'm gonna think of some excuse
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You're turning the stupidest situation into something it's not
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's been made clear to me in the last several months that this is just something you absolutely...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I have always wanted to be able to trust you. I seriously have and
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I should be allowed to go somewhere with my coworkers without it being a problem
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: YES YOU SHOULD
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But Annie how HOW could I not, at this point, feel good about that and trust you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please understand like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I did not want to be fucking terrified about this thing. And I have tried like a million ti...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm literally telling you the exact location
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Forget it you don't care
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Just one last thing
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: This is seriously right
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Ridiculous
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So if you were me, you would trust you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yes you should
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: you're being serious???
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Honestly
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm not going to argue about this especially over text rn. I have given you the details liter...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm going to just lay down in here.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You are not a bad girlfriend and I have and still just want one thing more than anything - to...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That's literally stupid to lay down in there
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Annie I
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Never mind
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Then fucking trust me to go
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am not fighting about this I want to close my eyes
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: The fact that
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You care so little
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You really really upset me
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I do care
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And the very least I think I'm owed is like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You don't even recognize HOW MANY REASONS you've given me to not trust you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And then you say I don't want you to have friends
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And it like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I HAVE TOLD YOU ALL RHE INFORMATION
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am done arguing about this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I wish I knew how to get you to understand when I'm like...need you most
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Do you remember what you put me through the night you and Lindsay went out and you never came...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: How about the guy you were texting with (about how much you disliked me) in 2020?
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: How about all the lying you did talking to other guys in the beginning of our relationship?
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: How about when I got messaged by some stranger asking why their girlfriend was sending sex...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I fucking get it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am fucking sorry
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am literally trying to earn your trust and giving you all the information and you are stil...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you think it's ridiculous for me to be upset you're going out with fucking AMBER? To go...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Who said anything about drinking
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please fucking stop
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't even get you to be like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Fuck you seriously
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That's fine
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I have a fucking headache I want to close my eyes
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: This is literally insane
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Because I can't believe you would put me in this situation
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You know that I wouldn't trust you to go out after work
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's barely been a month since you lied about the last time you did that
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: THERE IS NO SITUATION
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: ITS A GIRLS PENTHOUSE APARTMENT
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And if you understand any of what I was saying
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: If you need to go to sleep then just do it . if you can remember even half of the lies you...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You would at least be aware of the fact that
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't fucking do this rn I told you I don't feel good
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I fucking get it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Enough
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You do not get it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I AM NOT ARGUING ABOUT THIS ANYMORE
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm sleeping in here tonight
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: that's fucking dramatic
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Seriously
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yes well to be honest I feel really really really shitty about this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That will solve nothing.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That's up to you Dan.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Well I will Be faking sick or something tomorrow nitht
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It feels really great to be like
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please can't k fucking turn my brain off I'm not mentally stable for this Dan
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Really genuinely upset and this is how it is responded to
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: IM NOT DOING ANYTHING WRONG
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't do it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm damned if I do damned if I don't
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am done with it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please stop
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: This is not working seriously
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: The option isn't
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: "Well I COULD have just lied to you"
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yeah just
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You've torn me apart so many fucking times and I've given you other chances and been tor...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And I just wish you cared like you used to
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: not right AT ALL. I am extremely embarrassed of myself for treating you the way I did. You d...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Seriously though Annie - at least you used to care. It's not the same
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I do fucking care.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please I. Can't do this rn Dan.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You didn't feel well and i respected and didn't bother you after you told me once
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am literally trying to gain your trust in how I am handling it all to begin with
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I feel fine i literally needed a place to not be seen being upset
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That is not how you fucking do it
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you know that
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But no you'd rather me just stay inside and never do anything every again
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But I will let you go
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: "Let" is literally insane
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I meant to sleep
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Seriously seriously
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Whatever I can't do this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Alright
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: it's just so fucking depressing
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Sleeping in there is fucking insane too
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Gosh please
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: AND I SM FUVKED UP.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I AM UPSET
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I AM SINCERELY HOLDING IT TOGETHER
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't do this and you of all people should understand my mental state
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Your mental health has been the reason you've told me is why you have done the "really stu...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you keep fucking just making it worse
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Annie I am not lying to you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: you've shown me time and time again that I can't trust you, particularly in a situation like...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: THEN LEAVE ME. I CANT GET YOUR TRUST BACK
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you've told me that yourself
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You also tell me that you understand and that things will be better
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I AM SERIOUSLY NOT GOING TO CONTINUE WITH THIS
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: please.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't earn your trust if I continue to stay locked up inside
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: How do you fucking expect
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Im done. Please stop
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: If Tom wasn't here...you would have just said "oh I'm going to this party after work" and...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No?
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It shouldn't be a big deal in the first round
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am going to sleep
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Thanks for caring
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I had a bad night
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: At work
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I do fucking care
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't keep doing this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: We need to talk alone before you go to work tomorrow. I'm not trying to sound dramatic but i...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Keep saying I'm ridiculous but it REALLY fucking hurts for someone you've tried so hard to f...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You're going out in NYC on Saturday night
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You're going with the girl who was JUST cheating on your boyfriend
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You JUST LIED to me about going out and barely even apologized
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You've made me feel so stupid trusting you in the past
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You've told me that my choices are to be totally okay with someone or you threaten to lie ab...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You tell me I'm being shitty for not "letting you have friends"
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm sleeping in the fucki bf bathroom CRYING because I have given EVERYTHING to try to rega...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It SHATTERS me because I actually like love you so much that I wouldn't ever want to do th...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: This is not how you "earn back trust. You know in your heart all of the reasons why this is...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I want to fucking scream because I know you know all of this shit
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And not only do you not care at all that I'm sleeping back here so that Tom isn't made aware...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And without you I feel empty. And it seems like that's what's going on as of recent
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You have every reason to feel this way towards me... I have been nothing but absolute garbag...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: What I did was wrong... and I am seriously sorry for the way I was acting. I don't like the...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It really fucking hurts when you spin this into "you don't want me to have friends"
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's so fucking heartless to do to someone who has tried so fucking hard to move past all o...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And the one and only thing I can't do is like - you going out at night. For the most obvio...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: If you want to go tonight, that's fine. But I am done and I swear to god on Fran's memory ...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can not trust you to do shit like this because you've lied dozens of times and it's really...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You said some incredibly shitty and heartless things last night and I do not think you un...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: If you are over me, then let's just rip the band aid off now because that's certainly the i...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Seriously thanks for taking this all so seriously. All the trauma you've caused has really...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: This is literally insane Dan. I fucking care about you and our relationship this is fuckin...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No you obviously DON'T
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It is so fucked up that after ALL OF THE TIMES I have forgiven you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That you could or would act like this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I will be gone I swear to god
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You have proven to me over and over again that I can't trust you to go out at night
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: ITS FOR HALF A FUCKING HOUR.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: wait outside her fucking apartment and watch me
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I don't care
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: this is insanity
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am not doing this shit
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No Annie I'm serious
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Stop it.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And honestly
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's so fucking heartless
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: For you to act like this to someone
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You did all of that to
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You KNOW why I feel like this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: WOULD YOU FUCKING STOP
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am so exhausted
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am mentally fucking exhausted
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So you are going then I assume
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Let me fucking prove to you I can go to a fucking house warming party for thirty fucking ...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: NO
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: that's not how this works
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Cool. That's fucking ridiculous
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Don't tell me
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: How this is or isnt going to work
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Bc I told you days ago that I was going to stop by
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So are you going or not
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: LITERWLLY STOP by
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Then fucking go. Where you gonna go Dan
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am going to leave
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And go back to Pennsylvania
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: With Milo
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yeah okay.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And live where. Your mom had to leave too.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I am going to leave this relationship
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And start over
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Because I have been lied to so many times
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you weren't willing to make up for how you have behaved
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And it's my fault you don't believe me
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I have told you too many times before that it was the last time
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: But you have been a real shit girlfriend to me so many times
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And I've never broken your trust in that way
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So yes if you are going, I am done with this relationship and will be gone
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Youre literally fucking insane
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That is gaslighting. It's not insane.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You have proven to me that I can't trust you to do things like this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's insane that I have been so willing to forgive you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Then fucking stalk me. Come watch me and see what I am doing
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: If you're going
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm fucking telling you the exact shit i am doing
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I don't
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Believe you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And you are literally telling me no
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You're crash
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Crazy
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: The. Fucking leave
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't do this shit I am my own fucking person
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You're a fucking liar
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Is what you are
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Great thanks
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: And I should have done this years ago
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I shouldn't have been so willing
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: To put myself through all of the trauma
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Thinking anything would change
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: When after all this time
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's more important for you to go out than to literally save this relationship
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's not more important
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I want to be able to fucking go somewhere if I want to
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: So if you just want to keep me as a fucking prisoner in our relationship then leave
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Thank you Annie
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That's real nice
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: and if I don't go you are still going to be fucking miserable
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's always something
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That's what this is
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Because I don't trust you to go out after work
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Alright I'm at fucking work like a real adult.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can't do this
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Grow up. And fucking trust me
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: FUCK YOU
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: "Trust Mel"
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Alright
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Says the serial liar
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Bye Dan
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Are you going or not
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yes or no
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: leave me alone
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I'm at work
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yes or no
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: being responsible unlike you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Please just stop. This is absolutely ridiculous
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That was ridiculous
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: That was insane
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Remember that?
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I can make my own fucking decisions.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Fucking stupid
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Stop
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: "Trust me"
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Yeah okay
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I trust you Annie
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Why wouldn't I
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Why wouldn't I trust you
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I AM BUSY. AT WORK.
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You need to fucking eat. I have $5 cash here. Come get it and fucking eat pizza or someth...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: No I don't. This isn't me acting out of irrationality. I've been trying to remind you of all...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Take the fucking money and eat
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: You are going to pass the fuck out Dan
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: It's just pretty illuminating to see how little you value all of the years of shit I've forg...
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: Stop acting like you care
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: I DONT GO OR DO ANYTHING
Message Date: Sat, Oct 19 - Snippet: wow
Message Date: Sep 7 - Snippet: I think that you should ask her who she sent this picture to?
Message Date: Sep 7 - Snippet: (image: A woman lifts her top to expose her chest)
Message Date: Sep 7 - Snippet: Maybe keep my name out of it though. She has already destroyed my life enough and she has ...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: But you want me to kidnap you so
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: You is motherfuckin right
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: A L W A Y S
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Okay fine. a l w a y s
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: But only in lowercase
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Wow whatever
Message Date: Wed - Snippet: Fine.
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Omgggg stop it
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: (video thumbnail)
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Grey jogging pants
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: (image: A person's rear in grey sweatpants)
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Yours for rubbing
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Damn
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: You have an amazing ass
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: It's literally insane this is what happens when I ask to hang out with girlfriends from work...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: I have zero social life
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: YOU KEEP SAYING THAT
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Alright
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: And you don't want to hear this but holy shit you have lied to me in ways that have absolu...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: I don't
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Lol I need to be spoiled
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Lol
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: U single?
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Possibly single lol
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Possibly
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Hahaha you heard me
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I didn't totally understand the thing you were telling me earlier about the message reactio...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I'll send you what I sent her
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: About the pin
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "The image you just reacted to was a picture you ASKED me to take and send to you because yo...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: But wait - this is a message that was already in your text history, right?
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: The one she reacted to?
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Correct
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: So HOW THE FUCK
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Would that be something nefarious
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Yep.
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "What what would I do with a pin number without the card information and if I really wanted...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: The fuck
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: She's crazy
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Like is she indicating that you did something behind her back, texted her about it as you...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I don't even understand what the insinuation is.
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Like if I wanted to keep the PIN number for myself I wouldn't have sent her a pic of lol"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: And therefore the precise picture she was reacting to wouldn't exist
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "I can ALMOST understand the bank statement thing. Like I can see someone who is out of there...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: But this one literally disproves itself
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "But I don't receive any bank statements. It was one or two times because she forwarded it...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: No I get that I'm just saying - I can see the logical progression of how someone could, in ...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I have a little experience being in completely crazy state of mind
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I accused Alexis of bugging a calculator one time
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Yeah but I literally don't receive anything and I haven't received anything related to her...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: lol you're stupid
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "It would be a good idea just to go through your email and identify anything that is related...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: There's probably like...a handful at most"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I was for a while. I was flagging anything related to them months ago
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Just fucking insane
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Not only is it insane, it's just the most unfair and undeserved treatment I think I've ever...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Wow Dan thank you for once
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Look nobody knows more than I do how completely and unequivocally committed you were in this...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "And more importantly nobody knows more than I do that you actually are the one person in li...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "That's what's so crazy to me about this...and it's something I had thought that once you wen...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Yep..
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "I never gave them a reason to think I'd do anything like this"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "I'm not exaggerating either. I really bet that if they hired a million people, only one wou...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I agree
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "So to watch someone use these completely unhinged accusations as some kind of proof is real...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "It's also the reason why you aren't losing your fucking mind at them"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: It's extremely difficult
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "And the money thing is just the ultimate 'insult to injury'"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: It would be awful if they had just written the check that you are entitled to and that was that
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Right ...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I'm just so completely fried. After literally being there at the drop of a hat for her no ma...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "It really just hurts more than anything. Because I seriously cared"
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: The other weird thing is like - even though this blew up when she called you yesterday, there...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Well she went into urgent care
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: And shit was never the same
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Urgent care isn't inpatient, right? That's like where you go if it's not bad enough for the...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: It's hard for me to not make a connection between how badly being there was effecting you and...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Because I was sincerely worried about your mental health in a way I've never been before la...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: 😥
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I'm sorry
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "It was just very scary and wasn't a problem that I'm skilled at fixing."
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Also...and I've been waiting..."
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: For what
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "I would like a huge amount of credit for not pointing out at the time- because I really di...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "By the way I absolutely begged Manuel and I didn't exactly succeed but I did get like a b...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Don't get excited it's not much to celebrate about but... I did the best I could."
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "I even tried to convince him that you would be unhappy with him for not helping us out but ...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: If anyone at your work smokes, I wouldn't be mad if you could bum me a cigarette for later...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: It's fine I'm not worried about that
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: But no one does that would aka
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Ask
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Okay it's not a big deal
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Plus every time I hit one of these dead vapes, that's like 3 months less I'll be around to ...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Shut up lol getting ready to go
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "One thing I thought about is that the next move in escalation might be to send a very short...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I was thinking about that too
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I just left
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "When that time comes it would need to be phrased to be as straightforward as possible-"I wa...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I know
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I have a feeling that getting a call from someone who handles their money will be enough to m...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: It's just unbelievable that it would come to that
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Well she had claimed that she was turning it over to the business manager, and she claimed t...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I dont know I'm almost home
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: I just got pulled into an interview lol
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: At Italian restaurant
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: This sucks. If we knew we could have at least made it until tonight without not being able ...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Im going to lay down. Inn not sure what would delay you by 30 mins since you were almost h...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Well I have a few options for jobs for you
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: "Cool I'm not sure that changes this being a pretty lame thing to do idk"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Im back and sending out resumes
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Jim Blanchard: ""day (on left side) wallet in bag or in shorts with no belt, and the patheti...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I dont know if you want to do this but Jim sent
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Just let me know if you do so I can tell him but you don't have to"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "So don't feel obligated"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Are you able to get me one tonight
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Looks like Libby fucking blocked me. Message hasn't delivered"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Well we've got my phone. We've got unlimited amount of google numbers"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "She can't get away that easy"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I plan on contacting business manager if this doesn't go through
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Good idea
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: And yes I'll get you one
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Thank you
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I dont know what we will do about rent.. I dropped the check after he left yesterday"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: So hopefully he doesn't get it in the next few days
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Looks like someone already did it
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Good news is that they put a bunch more cereal in the $2.99 sale at superstore
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Nice
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Try to get milk
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I bet it's cheaper there
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Get the cinnamon rolls
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I got the milk
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: They gave Cinnamon Toast Crunch churros on sale now too
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Omg yum
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Raines good
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Sounds good
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I texted him
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Mark Hotel exterior, restaurant, and sidewalk]
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I'm staking the place out
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: You aren't fucking around
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Why were you over there lol
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I was just walking
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I saw Steve Schmidt at the restaurant
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Image of Steve Schmidt]
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Oh cool
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Did you say hi lol
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "No I'm not going to interrupt someone's dinner. I thought about just doing a quick head ...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Also it took me getting close enough to hear his voice before I was sure it was him
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Was he at the mark
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: He was sitting at the restaurant outside the mark on a sidewalk table
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Nice
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Good food lol
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Just need me franky Frank with him
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Did he come yet
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I have one small request: on your way home, just spend that amount of time considering - f...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I really don't think it would take any longer than the 5 minute walk back to understand th...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "It sucks because it seems like you have framed it as like me 'being mad about a job inter...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "lol literally Dan.. I'm not going to make a big deal over this. But the restaurant has ask...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I said my bf is actually looking for a server position right now
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I understand your concern and how it would look bad
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I understand that and I am sorry
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I'm pretty sure you don't though... and if you do you're certainly expecting me to respond...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Because I've yet to come up with an answer of how "I'm almost home"" turns into what happe...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Because I was literally on 77!!!!/"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I was almost home
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "And that's where the restaurant is. I apologize Dan and I am sorry for doing that"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I shouldn't have"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: It wasnt my intention and I am sorry
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: But even that, the most innocuous potential situation requires someone to approach you on the...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "And that's what I mean by"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: The naiveté required to be like
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: ""They probably just thought she looked like a good and diligent employee""
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: But I have talked to these people before on the street
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Multiple times
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I'm sorry.
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I'm just not sure how to handle this kind of thing because I've really stopped trying to w...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "And it's not some acute trust thing where I am saying or thinking that there's a grand scheme...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I don't know it's just the type of thing that I really wished we would have been so far past...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: And it happening as I'm trying to be extra supportive and defensive about the stuff with Li...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "The more I try to do the right thing, the worse outcome I get."
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "That sounds exaggerated but it's hard to ignore that this is what happens directly as we're...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I am sorry it's my fault"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Do you want to meet at Duane Reade
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Just left
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I gotta get dog food
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I understand that
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I tried explaining to you last night Dan
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "You didn't want to hear"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I don't want to argue right now
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Or ever
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I'll get you a drink I'm going in to Duane Reade now"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Because, to be honest, given the possibilities of ways that you ended up being approached to ...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: You think I'm lying
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: Alright b
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I'm not saying YOU are lying
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: I'm saying that
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Let me cross the street so I don't walk past them."
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I'm not surprised they had lots of jobs to offer a pretty girl that they approached at 11pm...
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "It wasn't even fucking 10:00"
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: And I made it clear to say oh my BOYFRIEND is looking for a serving position
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "Now. I am on 76 okay."
Message Date: Sun, Jul 28 - Snippet: "I'm turning my key. You have my fucking location. Yours hasn't been available in weeks and ...
Message Date: Mon, Jul 29 - Snippet: "It's ready"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "I've got $10. What do you think about getting out 40 for tonight and 50 for tomorrow and then...
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: But that way we wouldn't have to spend more on atm fees
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: Well I worry about the rent check coming out
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: That's the issue I will send money for tonight
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Are you sure? It's gonna cost another $3 tomorrow and if it comes out the difference isn't...
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: I fucking guess
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: But you don't have to ever worry about your account getting overdrawn
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Pretty sure I will get ten cash from this couple that's here rn"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: They always give me money
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: Obviously I will wait for you to open it
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Well I'd hope. Bc the last two. Nights when get it right after you see him they seem norma...
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: But whatever
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "How?!? We've gotten 4 out of each every night!"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "You literally said 'thank you' to me for not opening them last Friday nights"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Let me know when you have a chance to send it. Im walking down to the atm. No hurrt"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Please don't argue with me"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: Please e
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Yeah but do you not notice how small I had to make those line s"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "But yesterday and Sunday I made them so much bigger. I dont know it doesn't fucking matter"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: Can I just send 80
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "If I have to get cash back for $10 tomorrow I will. I sent you 83."
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Still need to get more dog food. Still need to figure out how to cover rent check that was ...
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "Like I can't do this on my own"
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: ??
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: So now you just aren't going to answer
Message Date: Tue, Jul 30 - Snippet: "You said not to argue with you, I don't know what you want me to say when you're saying I d...
Message Date: Sat, Jul 27 - Snippet: Unknown - Snippet: I think that you should ask her who she sent this picture to?
Message Date: Sep 7 - Snippet: (image: A woman lifts her top to expose her chest)
Message Date: Sep 7 - Snippet: Maybe keep my name out of it though. She has already destroyed my life enough and she has ...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: But you want me to kidnap you so
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: You is motherfuckin right
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: A L W A Y S
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Okay fine. a l w a y s
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: But only in lowercase
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Wow whatever
Message Date: Wed - Snippet: Fine.
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Omgggg stop it
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: (video thumbnail)
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Grey jogging pants
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: (image: A person's rear in grey sweatpants)
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Yours for rubbing
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: Damn
Message Date: Unknown - Snippet: You have an amazing ass
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: It's literally insane this is what happens when I ask to hang out with girlfriends from work...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: I have zero social life
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: YOU KEEP SAYING THAT
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: Alright
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: And you don't want to hear this but holy shit you have lied to me in ways that have absolu...
Message Date: Tue - Snippet: I don't
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Lol I need to be spoiled
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Lol
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: U single?
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Possibly single lol
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Possibly
Message Date: Jan 16 - Snippet: Hahaha you heard me
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She kicked Milo out as he was laying next to me
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She got bum pano
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Oh
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: How's your stupid knitting going
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Told ya
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Wittle girl
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Do ya have the heater on
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Big stretch
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "You're the only knitter who has never made anything ever"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She learning
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Thank you she is happy
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: got us some mega discount Christmas cand
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Cool
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: i wanted a butterfinger but got like 50 cents more i got a big bag of Hershey kisses
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You know what none for you
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Loser
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Um where the hell did half of the tequila bottle go?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: We had opened that at work when I got it ???
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: The fuck
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You want the rest?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Have at it
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "It was sealed? Remember I said take it back to the liquor store"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: it was not
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: you think i would drink straight tequila
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: I'd be on my ass
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Dead throwing up
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Did he come yet
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: I am hungry
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Why are you ignoring me
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Waiting for this last table so I can get their coats
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Just left
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: [Image of a Chick-fil-A order receipt for Anna L. showing items: Grilled Spicy Deluxe w/ Ame...
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: 2449
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie gonna complain that her spicy Sammie is too spicy
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Please don't forget to get dog food
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Did you get some
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Thank you
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie belly still hurt
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie in pain
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So take out $60 cash okay?
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yeah yeah whatever
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Is there enough to get some cheez-its or no"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: How much
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: I think just over $4
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: $6 left on the card
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: i had 25% off
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: The dogs are so happy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: They love the cheez its
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No shit
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Almost as much as you love spicy chicken Sammy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: That made my belly hurt
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Real bad
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When do you think menore is coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "I have to close tonight. So if he comes semi early can you bring it"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Now how would I know that
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yes
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Just let me know
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: DaDd sayD im noTAlow EAt jB hursHy Kis
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Silly boy. He's just a baby"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No choco for Mimi
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When he coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "i don't know yet he said he'll text me"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Milo is being a lazy bones
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Lazy bones magee
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Bahahahahaha
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Do you have any update
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: At this rate just keep it at home okay
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: ?!
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Are you done
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Your phone goes straight to voicemail
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Hey Dan
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: It's Eli
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Annie is down stairs
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: "She and Andrea had drinks at work but u guess they didn't eat"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I am calling John back now. I'm not asking for extra time. I need to know TODAY what you...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: The apartment will
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Need to be empty feb 1
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "You owe me WAY more than a fresh start. It's fucking insane that you can't even give me tha...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do not send the money my mom is sending you to me. I will get a vape later with it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I'll be contacting john as well bc I was not aware of this having to be out by feb 1."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Okay that's fine"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I was on the phone with him as you sent that
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And told him you would also be calling him to confirm
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: [Image of a phone's 'Recents' call log showing calls with John Pacci, Suzanne Frank, and Jarm...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't believe you. After all you've put me through - this is how you are going to treat...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do you have any idea what absolute hell you are causing me? I can barely fucking stand up"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Dan I do care. I am at work trying to hold it together right now."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Clearly you don't care. Clearly you are finished."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I left five dollars there please get something to eat.
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't fucking eat you can keep it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you done at 930 like usual tonight
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Yes I am finished at 9:30."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you going to see Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I don't know if I will have enough money. I will try"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I have maybe like $30
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "if you don't i guess I will wait until tomorrow to get a vape"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And you can use the $30 my mom sent
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Still have cost checks."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I can ask to owe if I have to
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "So I can take out $65. Getting more cash"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: From coats while I wait for food
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Didn't you say you had $10 cash already?"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Yes I'm trying to add that in to this fan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Dan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Did you talk to Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Not yet
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She kicked Milo out as he was laying next to me
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She got bum pano
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Oh
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: How's your stupid knitting going
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Told ya
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Wittle girl
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Do ya have the heater on
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Big stretch
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "You're the only knitter who has never made anything ever"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She learning
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Thank you she is happy
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: got us some mega discount Christmas cand
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Cool
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: i wanted a butterfinger but got like 50 cents more i got a big bag of Hershey kisses
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You know what none for you
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Loser
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Um where the hell did half of the tequila bottle go?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: We had opened that at work when I got it ???
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: The fuck
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You want the rest?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Have at it
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "It was sealed? Remember I said take it back to the liquor store"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: it was not
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: you think i would drink straight tequila
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: I'd be on my ass
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Dead throwing up
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Did he come yet
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: I am hungry
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Why are you ignoring me
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Waiting for this last table so I can get their coats
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Just left
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: [Image of a Chick-fil-A order receipt for Anna L. showing items: Grilled Spicy Deluxe w/ Ame...
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: 2449
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie gonna complain that her spicy Sammie is too spicy
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Please don't forget to get dog food
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Did you get some
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Thank you
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie belly still hurt
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie in pain
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So take out $60 cash okay?
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yeah yeah whatever
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Is there enough to get some cheez-its or no"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: How much
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: I think just over $4
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: $6 left on the card
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: i had 25% off
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: The dogs are so happy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: They love the cheez its
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No shit
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Almost as much as you love spicy chicken Sammy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: That made my belly hurt
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Real bad
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When do you think menore is coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "I have to close tonight. So if he comes semi early can you bring it"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Now how would I know that
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yes
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Just let me know
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: DaDd sayD im noTAlow EAt jB hursHy Kis
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Silly boy. He's just a baby"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No choco for Mimi
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When he coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "i don't know yet he said he'll text me"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Milo is being a lazy bones
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Lazy bones magee
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Bahahahahaha
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Do you have any update
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: At this rate just keep it at home okay
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: ?!
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Are you done
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Your phone goes straight to voicemail
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Hey Dan
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: It's Eli
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Annie is down stairs
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: "She and Andrea had drinks at work but u guess they didn't eat"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I am calling John back now. I'm not asking for extra time. I need to know TODAY what you...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: The apartment will
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Need to be empty feb 1
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "You owe me WAY more than a fresh start. It's fucking insane that you can't even give me tha...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do not send the money my mom is sending you to me. I will get a vape later with it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I'll be contacting john as well bc I was not aware of this having to be out by feb 1."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Okay that's fine"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I was on the phone with him as you sent that
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And told him you would also be calling him to confirm
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: [Image of a phone's 'Recents' call log showing calls with John Pacci, Suzanne Frank, and Jarm...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't believe you. After all you've put me through - this is how you are going to treat...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do you have any idea what absolute hell you are causing me? I can barely fucking stand up"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Dan I do care. I am at work trying to hold it together right now."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Clearly you don't care. Clearly you are finished."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I left five dollars there please get something to eat.
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't fucking eat you can keep it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you done at 930 like usual tonight
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Yes I am finished at 9:30."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you going to see Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I don't know if I will have enough money. I will try"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I have maybe like $30
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "if you don't i guess I will wait until tomorrow to get a vape"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And you can use the $30 my mom sent
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Still have cost checks."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I can ask to owe if I have to
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "So I can take out $65. Getting more cash"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: From coats while I wait for food
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Didn't you say you had $10 cash already?"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Yes I'm trying to add that in to this fan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Dan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Did you talk to Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Not yet
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She kicked Milo out as he was laying next to me
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She got bum pano
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Oh
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: How's your stupid knitting going
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Told ya
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Wittle girl
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Do ya have the heater on
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Big stretch
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "You're the only knitter who has never made anything ever"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She learning
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Thank you she is happy
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: got us some mega discount Christmas cand
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Cool
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: i wanted a butterfinger but got like 50 cents more i got a big bag of Hershey kisses
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You know what none for you
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Loser
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Um where the hell did half of the tequila bottle go?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: We had opened that at work when I got it ???
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: The fuck
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You want the rest?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Have at it
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "It was sealed? Remember I said take it back to the liquor store"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: it was not
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: you think i would drink straight tequila
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: I'd be on my ass
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Dead throwing up
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Did he come yet
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: I am hungry
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Why are you ignoring me
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Waiting for this last table so I can get their coats
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Just left
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: [Image of a Chick-fil-A order receipt for Anna L. showing items: Grilled Spicy Deluxe w/ Ame...
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: 2449
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie gonna complain that her spicy Sammie is too spicy
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Please don't forget to get dog food
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Did you get some
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Thank you
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie belly still hurt
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie in pain
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So take out $60 cash okay?
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yeah yeah whatever
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Is there enough to get some cheez-its or no"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: How much
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: I think just over $4
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: $6 left on the card
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: i had 25% off
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: The dogs are so happy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: They love the cheez its
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No shit
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Almost as much as you love spicy chicken Sammy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: That made my belly hurt
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Real bad
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When do you think menore is coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "I have to close tonight. So if he comes semi early can you bring it"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Now how would I know that
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yes
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Just let me know
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: DaDd sayD im noTAlow EAt jB hursHy Kis
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Silly boy. He's just a baby"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No choco for Mimi
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When he coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "i don't know yet he said he'll text me"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Milo is being a lazy bones
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Lazy bones magee
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Bahahahahaha
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Do you have any update
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: At this rate just keep it at home okay
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: ?!
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Are you done
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Your phone goes straight to voicemail
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Hey Dan
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: It's Eli
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Annie is down stairs
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: "She and Andrea had drinks at work but u guess they didn't eat"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I am calling John back now. I'm not asking for extra time. I need to know TODAY what you...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: The apartment will
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Need to be empty feb 1
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "You owe me WAY more than a fresh start. It's fucking insane that you can't even give me tha...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do not send the money my mom is sending you to me. I will get a vape later with it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I'll be contacting john as well bc I was not aware of this having to be out by feb 1."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Okay that's fine"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I was on the phone with him as you sent that
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And told him you would also be calling him to confirm
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: [Image of a phone's 'Recents' call log showing calls with John Pacci, Suzanne Frank, and Jarm...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't believe you. After all you've put me through - this is how you are going to treat...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do you have any idea what absolute hell you are causing me? I can barely fucking stand up"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Dan I do care. I am at work trying to hold it together right now."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Clearly you don't care. Clearly you are finished."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I left five dollars there please get something to eat.
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't fucking eat you can keep it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you done at 930 like usual tonight
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Yes I am finished at 9:30."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you going to see Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I don't know if I will have enough money. I will try"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I have maybe like $30
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "if you don't i guess I will wait until tomorrow to get a vape"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And you can use the $30 my mom sent
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Still have cost checks."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I can ask to owe if I have to
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "So I can take out $65. Getting more cash"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: From coats while I wait for food
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Didn't you say you had $10 cash already?"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Yes I'm trying to add that in to this fan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Dan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Did you talk to Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Not yet
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She kicked Milo out as he was laying next to me
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She got bum pano
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Oh
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: How's your stupid knitting going
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Told ya
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Wittle girl
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Do ya have the heater on
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Big stretch
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "You're the only knitter who has never made anything ever"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: She learning
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Thank you she is happy
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: got us some mega discount Christmas cand
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Cool
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: i wanted a butterfinger but got like 50 cents more i got a big bag of Hershey kisses
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You know what none for you
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Loser
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Um where the hell did half of the tequila bottle go?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: We had opened that at work when I got it ???
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: The fuck
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: You want the rest?
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Have at it
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: "It was sealed? Remember I said take it back to the liquor store"
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: it was not
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: you think i would drink straight tequila
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: I'd be on my ass
Message Date: Unknown Date - Snippet: Dead throwing up
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Did he come yet
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: No
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: I am hungry
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Why are you ignoring me
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Waiting for this last table so I can get their coats
Message Date: Tue, Jan 7 - Snippet: Just left
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: [Image of a Chick-fil-A order receipt for Anna L. showing items: Grilled Spicy Deluxe w/ Ame...
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: 2449
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie gonna complain that her spicy Sammie is too spicy
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Please don't forget to get dog food
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Did you get some
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Yep
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Thank you
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie belly still hurt
Message Date: Wed, Jan 8 - Snippet: Eggie in pain
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So take out $60 cash okay?
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yeah yeah whatever
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Is there enough to get some cheez-its or no"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: How much
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: I think just over $4
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: $6 left on the card
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: i had 25% off
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: The dogs are so happy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: They love the cheez its
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No shit
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Almost as much as you love spicy chicken Sammy
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: That made my belly hurt
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Real bad
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When do you think menore is coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "I have to close tonight. So if he comes semi early can you bring it"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Now how would I know that
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Yes
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Just let me know
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: DaDd sayD im noTAlow EAt jB hursHy Kis
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "Silly boy. He's just a baby"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: No choco for Mimi
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: When he coming
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: "i don't know yet he said he'll text me"
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: So stupid
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Milo is being a lazy bones
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Lazy bones magee
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Bahahahahaha
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Do you have any update
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: At this rate just keep it at home okay
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Ok
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: ?!
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Are you done
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Your phone goes straight to voicemail
Message Date: Thu, Jan 9 - Snippet: Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Hey Dan
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: It's Eli
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: Annie is down stairs
Message Date: Fri, Jan 10 - Snippet: "She and Andrea had drinks at work but u guess they didn't eat"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I am calling John back now. I'm not asking for extra time. I need to know TODAY what you...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: The apartment will
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Need to be empty feb 1
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "You owe me WAY more than a fresh start. It's fucking insane that you can't even give me tha...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do not send the money my mom is sending you to me. I will get a vape later with it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I'll be contacting john as well bc I was not aware of this having to be out by feb 1."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Okay that's fine"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I was on the phone with him as you sent that
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And told him you would also be calling him to confirm
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: [Image of a phone's 'Recents' call log showing calls with John Pacci, Suzanne Frank, and Jarm...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't believe you. After all you've put me through - this is how you are going to treat...
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Do you have any idea what absolute hell you are causing me? I can barely fucking stand up"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Dan I do care. I am at work trying to hold it together right now."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Clearly you don't care. Clearly you are finished."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I left five dollars there please get something to eat.
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I can't fucking eat you can keep it"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you done at 930 like usual tonight
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Yes I am finished at 9:30."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Are you going to see Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "I don't know if I will have enough money. I will try"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I have maybe like $30
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "if you don't i guess I will wait until tomorrow to get a vape"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: And you can use the $30 my mom sent
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Still have cost checks."
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: I can ask to owe if I have to
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "So I can take out $65. Getting more cash"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: From coats while I wait for food
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: "Didn't you say you had $10 cash already?"
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Yes I'm trying to add that in to this fan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Dan
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Did you talk to Menore
Message Date: Sat, Jan 11 - Snippet: Not yet
