[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 16158fyWxQIDROtIchhgeuQP1uNcx9E9qIfAkau34ED8); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Jared Jodon


Jared Jodon

if you want to check out some of the track stuff going on i keep my practice video updated on www.jaredjodon.com ...... i keep it low key for ppl back home to keep updated but the sport awareness is just important cuz i know its pretty obscure. check it out sometime.
https://sites.google.com/site/sites/system/errors/WebspaceNotFound?path=%2Fjaredjodon%2F

Aug 29, 2011 12:57:53am

Jared Jodon

thats sick. im not sure how'd i'd act if i got to meet all those kinda ppl. but im sure you gotta keep your cool. I appreciate the offer! Hope the hurricane isn't affecting your place at all. We dodged the bullet down here. If the sea level rose like 8 or 10 ft then i'd be swimmin for sure so i feel the storm pain. im plannin on bein in NY for a meet this march'ish so i may hit you up. im tryin to keep my meets south with warm temp and nice favorable wind at venues but NY has a meet at the "armory" thats pretty prestigious (and since i've never been i may get there to claim some territory). Take care dude and i hope the work situation keeps goin forward.

I know you prob heard about gaydos. Good guy, and a real shame. I talked to Gregg Forse more this week than i have in 5 or 6 years and it was a breath of fresh air. Hope its not weighing to heavy on your mind.

If you ever make it to FL i expect you'd hit me up. I live a few min from Siesta Key and its a pretty nice place. My cell is 724-570-9834 if you ever do find the time.

take care man
JJ

Aug 29, 2011 12:56:14am

Dan Frank

If you ever want to come visit the NYC area, give me a call...feel free to crash here and I'll do my best to show you a good time in the city.

Best,

Dan

Jul 28, 2011 9:48:03pm

Dan Frank

Hey dude!

Very strange indeed, I was just talking about you the other day. NYC is great, I'm having a blast here. I'm working for an ad firm right now, we place music/celebrities in TV spots (we did the Snickers ads with Joe Pesci, Roseanne, and Betty White) so it's a pretty good gig, although (and quite unfortunately) it's nothing like Mad Men. Was doing the music production thing full-time until recently, but the money is just awful so I'm doing that as a freelance project until things pick up.

My dad was telling me about your run for the Olympics next year...that's incredible! I guess it's a testament to how realistic your shot is that I wasn't even very surprised to hear that you were at this level already! But please keep me in the loop, I'm excited to hear how it goes for you.

Jul 28, 2011 9:46:54pm

Jared Jodon

hey!
Hows things goin? Its been a long time since LH but I'm hoping NY is treating you well. Are you working with the music industry?? If so, thats awesome. I just moved to florida so its a different world here. I know this is random but I hope you're doing well!

Jared

Jul 27, 2011 9:17:51pm

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
