[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1TihapUk7lWCA99jrhGuBTZq5tEj9xHJTsZbHKTVR6Rk); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Brandon Sisler


Brandon Sisler

No I didn’t take your responses negatively at all and i have to apologize for being so short with you. That’s a very high compliment and I thank you for that. I’m very much disconnected from any political news that doesn’t come across my Facebook feed because I’m of the opinion that any president that gets into power is going to disregard the constitution as practically all of their predecessors have and that the status quo is so entrenched that it’s essentially futile to give a fuck. I was once of the opinion that it’s incumbent upon all of us to be involved but I just see the federal government as being too far gone as to be irredeemable. I’m going to get more active in learning about local politics by attending city council meetings here shortly because ultimately I think that’s more important to focus my energy

Feb 09, 2020 1:29:02pm

Dan Frank

the democrats might be worse....what the fuck happened in iowa? lol

Feb 09, 2020 4:55:32am

Dan Frank

it’s really weird to see the political landscape of people in SW PA right now. you don’t truly see how regressive it is until you see it from a distance. keep trying to let these *sHeEpLe* know that both establishment political machines are an evil war machine that exist to self deal and sell influence to lobbyists.

Feb 09, 2020 4:54:15am

Dan Frank

hey dude i just wanted to reach out to make sure i didn’t give the impression that you aren’t intelligent or tuned in or a deeply critical thinker.

you are, to be sure, the most intellectually versatile friend i have and you are a beacon of compelling ideas that have kept me from being able to really say that i’m 100% sure that we’re in need of more government, rather than less.

I’ve shifted further left as i get more and more frustrated with the MAGA crowd and their alternative fact doctrine. The conclusion of the impeachment and the presser he did about it really exemplified how pointless it is to keep appealing to logic to break the toxic spell they are so proud to be under.

anyways- i just wanted to reach out to make sure my edge didn’t come off as a character attack because you’re a really really smart and well read dude

Feb 09, 2020 4:49:16am

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
