[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1OnNT3Wwi1c6YIZpJ3hogkET4tXjwoVWooI_UHV-XHEY); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Facebook user


Group Invite Link: Off

Facebook user

Facebook Pages are a powerful way to reach a mass audience and their friends. Sometimes, however, you’ll want to limit who sees what. Here are three tools to help:

(1) Age Restrictions for Pages: You can restrict your Page to users over age 13, 17, 18, 19, or 21, or the legal drinking age where they live. On your Page’s edit page, scroll down to “Settings” at the bottom.

(2) Targeted Messaging: When you send a message to fans, you can target it by geography, gender, and age. For example, a musician can promote a concert to fans in the area. When sending an update, check the “Target this update” box.

(3) New FBML Tags: If you use FBML (http://www.new.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=4949752878), you can restrict content by country and age. For example, if you have licensed content for U.S. and Canada users only, you can to restrict it to those countries, and show alternative content to other users. More details are on the Facebook Developers Blog: http://developers.facebook.com/news.php?blog=1&story=150.

Sep 03, 2008 7:15:53pm

Facebook user

Whether you’re already promoting your Page with Facebook Ads or are looking to start, the Facebook Ads Page is a great resource. It’s designed to keep you up-to-date on the latest features and enhancements and is the perfect place to find tips for improving your ad effectiveness. You’ll find optimization guides, case studies from fellow advertisers, best practices and a place to share your own experiences and thoughts.

Check out the Facebook Ads Page and become a fan!

http://www.facebook.com/FacebookAds

Aug 16, 2008 5:11:34am

Facebook user

Your Facebook Page is automatically listed in the Pages Dashboard. To visit the Dashboard, click “Browse more…” in the upper-right of any Facebook Page. The Dashboard has three tabs:

1) Your Pages: Lists all the Pages of which you’re a fan
2) Friends’ Pages: Shows Pages with which your friends have recently engaged
3) Browse All Pages: Lists the most popular Pages overall and by category

You can visit the Dashboard here: http://www.facebook.com/pages/?browse.

In addition, your Facebook Page is automatically listed in the alphabetized Pages Directory: http://www.facebook.com/directory/pages.

Your fans and customers can use the Directory to browse or search for your business even if they’re not logged in to Facebook.

May 13, 2008 6:37:10pm

Facebook user

Many businesses, from leading global brands to favorite local bands, are enjoying tremendous impact using Facebook Pages for free viral marketing. Check out some key strategies from the most successful businesses on Pages:

1) Regularly adding engaging and useful content
2) Letting fans participate in the conversation
3) Expanding their distribution with Facebook Ads

We’ve collected some of these winning strategies—along with the nuts of bolts of how to create and manage a Page—into an Insider’s Guide to Viral Marketing. Check it out:

http://apps.facebook.com/files/shared/u2e2f7i0ww

Apr 21, 2008 1:34:01pm

Facebook user

While Social Ads are effective at driving word-of-mouth marketing for your Facebook Page on the site, we also recommend promoting your Page on your own website externally to help spread the word to new customers and fans. When promoting your Page off Facebook, encourage your customers to show their support by visiting your Page and clicking the "Become a Fan" link in the upper right-hand corner.

You can download a “Find us on Facebook” badge to promote your Facebook Page from the link below.

If you’re running promotions for your fans on Facebook, don’t forget to mention the promos on your receipts, tickets, menu, and website.

http://www.facebook.com/pages/manage/promo_guidelines.php

Apr 09, 2008 9:12:50pm

Facebook user

If you have enabled Video on your Facebook Page, fans can now add videos to it. To control fan video settings, click "Edit Settings" in the lower "fan videos" box of the Video player on your Page.

The choices are yours when it comes to your Facebook Page. You have control over how fans can contribute photos, video, discussion topics, and more, to your Page. By letting fans join in the conversation, you help them serve as your digital street team. Every contribution they make to your Page can generate News Feed stories to their friends, expanding your reach.

Mar 22, 2008 1:52:57am

Facebook user

Facebook Pages have some new features available for you:

1. User Photo Uploads
Now, your fans will be able to upload photos to your Facebook Page...if you let them. Go to your Facebook Page and Edit on the Photos box to turn on this feature. All New Pages will have this feature pre-enabled upon creation.

2. Dynamic Content in the Profile Box
You can now replace the main picture on your Facebook Page with dynamic content using either the Flash or FBML applications. Just install either of these applicaitons (find them at www.facebook.com/facebookpages and then select the flash/fbml option when you choose to edit your profile picture.)

3. Legal Drinking Age Settings
If you are a bar or alcohol company, you can adjust age settings to meet legal drinking age requirements by clicking edit on your Facebook page, and scrolling down to the settings box.

4. Mini-Feed
Mini-Feed is now movable on the Page. Just click on the word “Mini-feed” and drag it anywhere you please.

We'll always keep you updated with the latest new features available for Pages.

To get support from other Pages customers, latest feature updates, product tips from the Facebook team, and other great insights - check out Facebook Pages page (www.facebook.com/facebookpages) and become a fan.

Feb 21, 2008 1:36:29am

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
