[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1rRahsk8VJJ_J9S4VrqVSVlYroen2kJjRstBuI4FvvmQ); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Kelly Mulroy


Dan Frank

sooo....i was closing windows on my comp yesterday, and i realized i totally left you hanging when you messaged me the other night, and you said something was wrong. just wanted to say sorrrry/make sure everything is good. miss you SO much, come visit me....like...NOW?

May 28, 2009 7:41:14pm

Kelly Mulroy

Sunnnyyy D! This may seem like a random little note that I'm writing you, but I've been thinking about you a lot and I just wanted to make sure that you knew how important your friendship is to me. I want to thank you for helping me in ways that I can't even begin to explain over the past month that I've known you. You have helped me realize that it's okay to just take a deep breath and go through with something that you've been scared to do for a long time. It takes a lot of courage to do that and you are one of the few people that I have met in my lifetime that possess that quality. You have helped me to realize that you should never just settle for something because life is too short to be unhappy. You have shown me that it's okay to go out of your comfort zone and start to forge a path of your own. Even though it's scary, you have helped show me that this is possible and that sometimes the things that you're scared of end up being the most worthwhile. I think since I've been home I've had some time to reflect and focus on the lessons that I've learned from the people that I've met these past couple months.

I admire you in a lot of ways Dan. I want to thank you for allowing me to be myself around you and I also want to thank you for helping me find a new found faith in trying to forge a path of my own. Thank you for letting me know that it's okay to be scared..as long as you have good friends and people in your life, you can get through anything.

I also want to say that I'm sorry for not being there for you as much as I should over these past two weeks or so.. I don't want you to feel as if I've abandoned you or that I'm not here for you anymore. I've just still been trying to get used to all of the changes in my life. I want you to know that I think about you often and wonder how you're doing. Let's keep eachother updated more so than we have been. I don't wanna lose touch.. You're amazing dan! I feel so lucky to know you and have you in my life. Thank you for being the person that you are. Don't ever
change! I miss you...

- Kelly

Mar 19, 2009 2:57:30am

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
