
Good afternoon.
I am Suzanne Frank & on behalf of my family, I’d like to thank you all for being here to celebrate the life of my grandmother Fran Coldren. We are going to have a short service at this time followed by an opportunity for anyone who wishes to share a personal memory about Fran. I invite you to take a look at some of the memorabilia on the tables. It gives you a little extra look at her amazing life.

At this time, I’d like to invite Christine Kinney-Coldren and Anne Ulmer to speak as we celebrate the storied and full life of my grandmother, Frances Thomas Coldren. 



I often wondered what this day would be like. It’s hard to know how you will react when you lose such an important person in your life. Her presence was a force that I’d felt from as far back as I can remember, from the moment I was born…I couldn’t imagine what the world would feel like without her. 

Many of you knew her because of her love of golf, gardening, art, or other activities. She excelled in most everything she tried and when she didn’t she exemplified the spirit of sportsmanship in her defeat.  I think most people would agree that she was almost always wearing a beaming smile, and was kind to anyone and everyone she came in contact with.

She loved doing things for other people, as evidenced by her regular donations to any charity imaginable (which created the problem of how to dispose of large numbers of free charity gifts like dream catchers from the children of the Lacoda indian tribe.) She particularly enjoyed playing golf with young people and nurturing in them the same love of the game she had enjoyed so much. She passed on her love of the game to a new generation…….and then beat them easily, even after giving up 5 strokes.


<read slowly>
For me, she was and always will be “my Gram”, my sunshine, my source of happiness and my example of how to be gracious, thoughtful, polite, and always…always FUN! She and Ira showed me what it meant to be happily married. They also gave me a sense of stability and unwavering love (even when I put salt in the French Toast instead of sugar or when i was late for my curfew…which happened more than a couple of times.

I think the thing I most admired about my grandmother was her strength and determination. She was probably the most stubborn and determined person I have ever known and that served her well, even until the very end of her wonderful and full life. 

So I am realizing with each passing day that the sense of loss and emptiness that I thought might possibly overwhelm me, isn’t nearly as difficult because I have her example of how to keep smiling and to keep loving others. My heart is filled with 55 years of vivid memories that will never fade.  She will be presence in the hummingbirds and the flowers she loved. She will be present on every tee, fairway, and green (…….but certainly not in any water hazards or bunkers)

She will live on through my children and their children, because of the amazing person that she was.
