[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 10VziVCf83z18cD2DMvV4SJnI7iYvc8Jl0uNJGmPlB5s); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Facebook user


Group Invite Link: Off

Facebook user

Just want to let you guys know we have added a new Groups feature to the community! On the main page, you can check it out and the groups are niche specialty communities such as:

Post Production - A group to bring together filmmakers, multimedia producers and audio postproduction engineers. Get your postproduction needs here!

Game Design and Development -This is a group to bring together Game Designers, Developers, Animators and Game Audio engineers.

Web Design and Development - A group to bring together Web Designers, Developers and Multimedia Producers to collaborate on Web Site Creations

Musicians - A place where musicians can come together and collaborate on musical projects

Go check it out @ fsconnect.ning.com

Aug 20, 2008 1:46:49pm

Facebook user

Hello fellow Full Sailers, I write to you today with an idea currently in its early stages but something I cant wait to share with you guys, I want to introduce you guys to FS Connect, the unofficial (for now) Full Sail collaboration hub! FS Connect is a network for Full Sailers both students and especially alumni, from across all programs made to allow for easier cross-program and post-graduation collaboration. From audio engineers to filmmakers to game developers, you can find them all on the Full Sail campus!

I hope you come check out the web site, its still at its very early stages but the one key thing is missing is you the Full Sailors, so come join, ITS FREE, customize your profile, showcase your creations, wether its Digital Art, Music Tracks, Videos or whatever it is, this is the place for you. So check it out at:

fsconnect.ning.com

Also, is you are interested in joining the FS Connect team to help make the site the #1 collaboration hub let me know, I am looking for web designers to help and also people with promotions experience to get the word out. We are currently organizing the launch party so info on that is coming real soon!
Suggestions are always welcome!

Your fellow Full Sailor,

Michael Ostolaza

Aug 18, 2008 1:35:56am

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
