[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1AqW-s5ozPW9ZYY9OeNeDis69iLBlI_LkwxaBwg9bqTk); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Jeffrey Dempsey


Jeffrey Dempsey

Hey Dan,

Sorry to bother you and I know you probably get tons of messages. As you may know several years ago I began working for State Rep. Kevin Boyle and now serve as his Deputy Chief of Staff. I am proud of the work that we’ve accomplished since 2010.

Now, his brother Brendan Boyle is embarking on the next chapter of his life…running for the US Congress. Both Boyles, have been a mentors and confidantes to me over the years and I am excited to help Brendan accomplish this goal. Brendan Boyle embodies the American Dream; his parents came to this country from Ireland. Brendan grew up in one of the more poor neighborhoods in the city, and went on to graduate with a Master’s degree from Harvard University. He joined the state legislature in 2008 and has worked on issues ranging from providing survivor’s benefits to the spouses of fallen police officers to expansive work for equality in the Commonwealth. I have no doubt that Brendan would make an amazing congressman, and would represent his entirety of his district.

I am asking that, if possible, you donate $20.00 to his campaign and become a part of something spectacular. Donations can be made by visiting voteboyle.com. The official launch of the website is June 21st, but until then I would welcome the opportunity to answer any questions about this phenomenal leader.

Thank you,
Jeff Dempsey

Jun 07, 2013 1:52:05pm

Dan Frank

hey man, it's great to hear from you. yeah, i finally started. it's nice to be back on track after i fucked up so bad before. it's kind of awkward that i'm like the only one NOT drinking or doing drugs anymore, but it took alot for me to realize that was truly not helping me get anywhere in life lol. actually, i am going to a show in philly in like april, so i'll definatly give you a call while i'm out there or something and maybe we can catch lunch. I'm sure i'll be in touch, later.

Jan 16, 2007 11:16:22pm

Jeffrey Dempsey

hey dan how are you...hope all is well and that you had a great holiday ...since it says penn state i assume that you started classes and i hope they're going okay (school is still school...it sucks) anyway give me a call sometime 724 466 0273 if you want and definatly look me up if you happend to be in mo town philly anyway keep in touch and it's great to hear from you

Jan 16, 2007 8:39:14pm

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
