[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1BxhaDwPrwogsUFrbmzp3XHbc0sWjsKPsHGuBI80C3Tc); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Facebook user


Facebook user

Thank you SO much dan you're the best! You helped soo much, his name is Jake Quam, I'm sure he will be adding you lol you guys can be facebook friends :P He's an awesome person and is very driven, he has been involved with music his whole life, amazing drummer and phenomenal ideas. I appreciate you msging me back so much, it helped a ton!! I'm sure he will be asking u questions lol :)
THANK YOU DAN!!
And good luck with everything! I'm SURE of it that you will do fantastic though, you obviously possess all the passion and drive necessary to make it, it will all be worth it in the end :)
-Jordan-

Jun 19, 2010 12:43:54am

Dan Frank

Well, Full Sail can't be either recommended or discouraged without taking a myriad of personal factors into account... Full Sail, and more specifically, the RA program is super high intensity. You're learning a semester of knowledge in a month...for 11 consecutive month, so you have to truly love engineering and production to gain much of anything out of it. You have to excel at INDEPENDENT LEARNING, it's a huge aspect of not only FS, but the recording industry. If you don't put in hours of research and creative practice, your money will go to waste. Another thing to understand before you get involved with FS is the long road that it takes to become successful in the record industry. Even after graduating with honors, and being very involved during my training there...I'm working two jobs and an internship to try to "make it". Nobody, literally not a soul, graduates from there and is handed a job. To do this you have to eat,sleep,breathe,sweat, and bleed music. Is he serious about becoming an audio engineer?

Full Sail was great for me, I learned a lot and networked all fucking day. Made a lot of industry connections, met my fair share of celebs from it...but 99% of the people that start doing this don't make it. So if there is any doubt in your mind that this is what you want to dedicate your life to, it's probably not for you. Hope I've helped....If you're still thinking about it, I know of an amazing apartment that can be leased on the cheap.

Best

Jun 18, 2010 5:40:36pm

Facebook user

lol I have ONNEE more question, how did u go about loans and housing there? Let me know what u thought of Full Sail all-around please! Thanks dan :)

Jun 14, 2010 3:08:44pm

Facebook user

Hey Dan!! I dont know if u remember me, its been forever lol, but anyway! My fiance wants to go to Full Sail and has been looking at their Recording Arts Program, would you recommend it or recommend Full Sail? Any advice would be awesome, thanks a bunch Dan! :)

Jun 14, 2010 3:07:07pm

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
