[Converted from Google Doc 'None' (id 1MeJNVuDAq9gkjZHysngWClVQnWxQllVpzaHm8USVL8M); this is a conversion, not the original Drive-native document.]







Facebook user


Dan Frank

Yooo. So typing from and iPhone on the drive down but thanks for the well wishes bro. Seriously come down, it's too legit down there and we have the extra room. Let's both shoot for doing something nuts, don't sleep.

Ill keep you posted so you still remember who has it on lock.

Laaate

Sep 21, 2008 2:06:07pm

Facebook user

First of all, good note, haha. It's good to hear someone speak the truth, real talk, i admire it. But anyways, I hope nothing but the best for you man; music is life, life is love, love is eternal. Take care of Dee for me, and make sure you keep me in touch with whatever you're doing. Keep you ears to the ground and keep it real. One love.

Oh, and i'll see you at the Grammy's in 6 years. You know J got that fiyah, hahaha. Peace.

Sep 19, 2008 4:02:35pm

Dan Frank

holy shit, it sounds like you've got an amazing set up going on.

i know you're in the music program at dub v, but have you given any thought as to going to production specific school (or even clinic?)
i'm applying for fall for berklee college of music, full sail, CRAS (in arizona) and a couple other schools and trying to get a formal background in engineering and producing.

as for fruityloops...honestly, it doesn't deserve all the flack it gets. honestly, i use garageband a lot too, because of the simplicity of it. even though FL can be extremely complex if you're using it correctly.

oh, soulja boy tracked his whole album on FL...so i mean if you can produce a gem like "CRANK DAT HO" on it...i don't know what else you could ask for?!?

sidenote- if you haven't done this already and are interested, we should track some real drums to use for shit, i'm sure with the combination of both of our rigs we could get a pretty amazing tracking.

honestly, i think if you're as interested as getting into the music business as i am, that we're both making smart decisions by moving towards the technical aspect. with the shitstorm that the industry is in right now, production is the lesser of many evils.


laaaate

Jan 31, 2008 10:38:58pm

Facebook user

Yo Dan, what's up man?

I actually just bought a shit ton of new equipment over break. I bought a new TASCAM DP-02 Portastudio, an AKG Perception 200 Condenser mic, Samson Resolv 50a monitors, and Samson CH-700 Headphones. It cost me about 900, but hey, you gotta spend money to make money.

As for composing/beat making... I primarily use FLStudio (yeah i know, so does the rest of people around our area that claim to "produce"), but I've spent about 6 years with it, and I can work wonders with it: from that old school DJ Premier "boom and bap" sound, to anthem-esque Alchemist style, to that heavy electronic Neptunes type shit...whatever it is, I can do it.

As for sampling and shit like that, I usually just convert MP3s in WAV files, and work it out in FLStudio with the Fruity Slicer. It would be nice to have an MPC though, but I don't have the cash flow.

But yeah, are you producing/composing anything right now? If so, let me know what's up so I can get a taste. As far as my stuff goes, I do have a myspace for my music, but I haven't updated that shit since the summer.

One

Jan 31, 2008 9:46:48pm

Dan Frank

yo sir,
i was quite impressed with not only your tastes in hip-hop (honestly, how many people from the exquisite land of fayette county listen would spin "Doe or Die" or even listen to the likes of A.Z. or the brilliance that was J.Dilla?)

but i also saw you're producing, and i just wondered what your set up is.

i've been working with reason 3, and a yamaha motif. however, i'm praying to the universe that i can somehow get a hold of (the $$ for) a MPC-2000.

let me know what you're working with, and i'm trying to hear some of your shit.

laaaaate.

Jan 31, 2008 2:34:26pm

Generated by Dan Frank on Monday, September 5, 2022 at 4:41 AM UTC-04:00
